Reduce some of the configs (#2279)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration_public.md

`features.orchestratorExplorer.scrubContainers`
: ScrubContainers enables scrubbing of sensitive container data (passwords, tokens, etc. ). Default: true

`features.otelCollector`
: OtelCollector configuration. See [link](https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/setup/ddot_collector/install/kubernetes_daemonset/?tab=datadogoperator#overview) for more information.

`features.otlp`

> : OTLP ingest configuration See [link](https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/setup/otlp_ingest_in_the_agent/?tab=kubernetesoperator) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: OTLP ingest configuration. See [link](https://docs.datadoghq.com/opentelemetry/setup/otlp_ingest_in_the_agent/?tab=kubernetesoperator) for more information.
```

`[key].containers.[key].readinessProbe`
: Configure the Readiness Probe of the container See [link](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/) for more information.

`[key].containers.[key].resources`

> : Specify the Request and Limits of the pods To get guaranteed QoS class, specify requests and limits equal. See also: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources/ See [link](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) for more information.

Reviewer: Removed the first link because it 404'd.

```suggestion
: Specify the container resource **request** and **limits**. To achieve the `Guaranteed` QoS class, set `requests` equal to `limits` for each container. See [link](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) for more information.
```

Specify container resource requests and limits. To achieve the Guaranteed QoS class, set requests equal to limits for each container. See the Kubernetes docs for [Managing resources for containers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)
 and [Pod QoS classes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-qos/)
 for details.

`[key].disabled`
: Disabled force disables a component.

`[key].dnsConfig`
: Specifies the DNS parameters of a pod. Parameters specified here will be merged to the generated DNS configuration based on DNSPolicy. See [link](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/#pod-s-dns-config) for more information.

`[key].dnsPolicy`

> : Set DNS policy for the pod. Defaults to "ClusterFirst". Valid values are 'ClusterFirstWithHostNet', 'ClusterFirst', 'Default' or 'None'. DNS parameters given in DNSConfig will be merged with the policy selected with DNSPolicy. To have DNS options set along with hostNetwork, you have to specify DNS policy explicitly to 'ClusterFirstWithHostNet'. See [link](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/#pod-s-dns-config) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Set DNS policy for the pod. Defaults to `ClusterFirst`. Valid values are `ClusterFirstWithHostNet`, `ClusterFirst`, `Default` or `None`. DNS parameters given in DNSConfig will be merged with the policy selected with DNSPolicy. To have DNS options set along with hostNetwork, you have to specify DNS policy explicitly to `ClusterFirstWithHostNet`. See [link](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/#pod-s-dns-config) for more information.
```
